<!-- # Frequently Asked Questions
1. [I cannot launch the version of Maya that I would like to use, it is disabled](#I cannot launch the version of Maya that I would like to use, it is disabled)

## I cannot launch the version of Maya that I would like to use, it is disabled -->

# FAQ
- [FAQ](#faq)
  - [Camera/Footage](#camerafootage)
    - [Does FCS require marker on the actor footage?](#does-fcs-require-marker-on-the-actor-footage)
    - [Does FCS support my camera?](#does-fcs-support-my-camera)
  - [Maya](#maya)
    - [I need to launch Maya from some custom launchers](#i-need-to-launch-maya-from-some-custom-launchers)
    - [The UI won't let me launch the correct version of maya](#the-ui-wont-let-me-launch-the-correct-version-of-maya)
    - [My Maya is installed in a different location](#my-maya-is-installed-in-a-different-location)
    - [Does FCS support my character?](#does-fcs-support-my-character)
  - [Performance](#performance)
    - [Video playback is too slow](#video-playback-is-too-slow)
  - [Privacy](#privacy)
    - [Why does FCS always require an active internet connection?](#why-does-fcs-always-require-an-active-internet-connection)
    - [Does FCS upload my character or actor footage for any reason?](#does-fcs-upload-my-character-or-actor-footage-for-any-reason)
  
## Camera/Footage
### Does FCS require marker on the actor footage?
No. FCS does not require a marker on the actor footage. It is recommended against in fact. 

### Does FCS support my camera?
FCS supports most head mounted and fixed cameras. 
If you are using a non-fisheye lens camera, please uncheck solver/global/fisheye.

## Maya
### I need to launch Maya from some custom launchers
If you were not able to launch Maya from within FCS. You can achieve the same result using the command below.  
```commandPort -stp "python" -n ":42069"```
Paste the command in script editor (mel) to open a command port which allows communication between FCS and Maya. 
Consider putting the command above in your launcher to always allow communication with FCS. You can also adjust the port used in Settings/Maya. 

### The UI won't let me launch the correct version of maya
Go to File -> Session -> Info and review the current maya version designated to the session. To edit the associated verion, please right click on the current version, and edit. 

### My Maya is installed in a different location 
Go to settings -> Maya -> Install dir to edit the path to the autodesk folder. 

### Does FCS support my character?
As long as it has a controller attached. 
Blendshapes and joints tend to work too, if you have a character that doesn't work, please contact us. 

## Performance
### Video playback is too slow
You can change the resolution of the playback video by adjusting the "Scale" dropdown at the timeline window, a lower scale will result in faster playback.



## Privacy
### Why does FCS always require an active internet connection?
FCS requires an active internet connection for validating the license. 

### Does FCS upload my character or actor footage for any reason?
No. Your character model and video footage is never uploaded anywhere. 

